If you want authentic,
go with Pantang soda.
Cut!
Okay. All good.
Okay. Very good.
You can get ready
for the next scene.
- Can I check the monitor?
- Sure.
Of course.
Excuse me, I don't think
I was expressive enough.
Can I do another take?
But I think you were okay just now.
Why do you think that
you weren't expressive enough?
I want to do it differently.
If I add a refreshing flair to it,
it will probably be more in tune
with the product.
That must mean that you've done
your research on our brand.
Can you do another take then?
Okay.
Alright. Let's do another one.
Okay. Everyone reset.
Give it another go.
If you want authentic,
go with Pantang soda.
Cut!
Hey, hey.
- Hey.
- Hmm?
That was awesome. The client is
singing your praises.
Mmm. That's good.
Ever since you've
changed your image,
everyone wants to book you.
It's going to be a little tiring.
But don't worry.
I'll accept every job for you.
Are you really worried about me?
I'm worried.
But we must strike while
the iron is hot.
People are stoked about you.
Mmm.
Thanks to Rarin.
I think it's because I'm handsome.
It has nothing to do with her.
Right. Handsome guy.
Oh,
you've been getting a lot of
fan mail recently.
- Here.
- Naturally. I'm hot.
Yeesh.
Here.
Open and read it too.
Don't just leave it lying around.
Mm-hmm.
I'll be right back.
Hello?
Is the paperwork all good to go?
All done.
I'll contact you
as soon the bank approves it.
Okay.
- Thank you very much.
- You're welcome.
(Profit and loss statement:
-476,000.80)
As for the outfit,
you can take it if you want.
But I'll pay the one million baht.
I have to excuse myself now.
- Okay.
- Goodbye.
Here's your tea.
Shouldn't you rest a bit?
Your health will bear
the brunt of overworking.
I'm fine, Da.
I'm doing okay.
Mmm!
I might give everyone
the day off tomorrow.
So that they can have fun
at my birthday party.
Oh!
Hearing the party host saying that
has made me motivated to work.
That's good.
Uhh...
Rin, you have a guest.
Who is it?
She said her name is Praew,
Porche's younger sister.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
I'll be back.
Praew?
Oh!
Hello, Rarin. Give me a hug.
I've missed you.
I haven't seen you in ages.
How are you doing?
I'm alright.
What about you?
I'm more than alright.
Soon,
I'll be marrying Mark.
- Mark?
- Mmm!
- Congratulations!
- Thanks!
So I'm here to ask you
to make a wedding dress for me.
Wow, this is such an honor.
I'll do my best.
- Thank you!
- Of course.
By the way, I'm having
a birthday party tomorrow.
Are you free to come?
Oh, wow!
Of course, I'll come.
The theme is
wonderland fantasy.
I'll definitely be there.
It's going to be so much fun.
I'll come for sure.
I'll bring Porsche along as well.
Uhh...
I'm not sure if he'll want to come
or not.
Hmm? Why not?
Don't tell me he's
causing trouble again.
A little.
Sometimes my brother
acts impulsively
and behaves childishly.
Please don't mind him.
Anyway, as for today,
let's get you measured.
Let's go to my office
and discuss what kind
of dress you'd like.
Sure.
I'm ready.
I've given it a bit of thought.
I'd like it to be
like a princess.
- This way.
- Okay.
Rin,
I have to go home now.
Okay. I'll see you
at the party tomorrow.
Definitely.
Oh,
I've prepared your outfit.
Don't worry.
Thank you, Da.
Also, don't forget to tidy up
so the place won't look messy
when the guests arrive.
All done. I've put everything
in the storeroom.
- I'll see you then.
- See you.
(Tanthai Missed Call)
Hello?
Where are you?
Why didn't you answer my calls?
I'm at the studio.
Work was really busy today
so I didn't check my phone.
I just finished work.
Are you going out now?
Mmm.
I'm probably going back
to the condo.
Everyone's gone home for the day.
Why did you call me anyway?
I just wanted to know
if you were doing okay.
What kind of question is that?
Of course I'm okay.
Well...
By the way,
do you have any plans
tomorrow?
Are you available?
I am.
What's the matter?
The thing is...
Hey!
- What is this?
- Rin, what's going on?
Well...
My car has a flat tire.
A flat tire?
I probably drove over a nail
or something.
I need to call a mechanic.
Don't. Just leave it there.
You can get the car tomorrow.
Hurry back to the condo.
You're alone, right?
Do you want me to pick you up?
It's okay.
It's just a flat tire.
It's not a big deal.
It is!
Just believe me, okay?
Why should I?
Because I'm worried about you.
Well, then.
I'll call a taxi.
Okay?
Mmm. Okay.
Take care of yourself, alright?
Call me right away
if there's a problem.
You're being strange.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Take care of yourself.
Oh, Tan!
Wait...
Uh, hello?
Darn.
I haven't told him
about the party tomorrow.
(Tan, I'm the only person who can
love you. She doesn't deserve you.)
(Don't tell anyone we're talking,
especially Mai.)
(I don't want harm to come to her.)
(Next time, it won't just
be a flat tire.)
Your room's messy again?
I just tidied it up the other day.
You're reading your fan mail?
That's right.
Oh my gosh!
What's gotten into you?
Is something the matter?
I'm going to tidy up your room.
Just keep reading.
There's a live online interview
at 10 a.m.
There's casting
for a new drama at 2 p.m.
There's an event at Siam at 6 p.m.
And you're having dinner
with the brand owner at 8 p.m.
Did you hear me?
I heard you, warden.
Warden?
I understand. You probably
feel like a prisoner...
The workload will be a little heavy.
So I'm here to help you tidy up
and try to find you a day
that you're free
so you can do this and that
and read your fan mail.
Mmm.
Jeez.
People see you
creating a good image.
But if they see your messy room,
the press is going to have a heyday.
Seriously?
What about this box?
Tan,
are these your photos?
A farewell party when I graduated.
Just leave them there.
I'll take them with me
when I go home tonight.
You know how to participate
in this kind of thing?
That's hilarious.
I'll just leave them here.
Scoot over. I'm sitting down.
You can't
go home tonight.
Don't you have to go
to a party with me?
What party?
Rin's birthday party.
Didn't she invite you?
It's her birthday today?
That's right.
She's throwing a theme party too.
The theme is wonderland.
But you don't have to dress up much.
Just pick something that's polite.
I don't think I'll go.
What's up with you?
Going to a party is
like having a day off.
I'm not going.
I'll go by myself then.
I need to think about
what I'm going to dress up as
and buy a present too.
What are you going to buy her?
Probably some accessories.
She'll probably like them.
Accessories?
But if you ask me,
I think it might be good
to get something
that's one of a kind.
Something that's like a secret
between the two of you.
One of a kind?
Look at your face!
I think you want to go.
What?
I'm not going.
You got so diligent all of a sudden.
- What?
- Alright. I'll go by myself.
Are you really not going to go?
No, I'm not.
Are you sure?
Yes!
Come again?
Just leave!
What now?
I said I'm not...
Uhh...
Your room is
very tidy.
I thought it'd be messier.
Well,
despite my looks
I'm a clean type of guy.
Anyway,
what's the matter?
It's my birthday today,
so I...
Umm...
happy birthday.
Mmm.
Thanks.
Well...
I'm throwing a party tonight.
I'd like to invite you to come.
Tonight?
I already have an appointment.
Oh?
I thought you said you were free?
That was yesterday.
I'm not free anymore.
Mmm.
Okay.
Well, then.
I have to get going.
I won't bother you anymore.
Wait.
You forgot your bag.
Thanks.
They say
when a woman
gets one year older,
her face will wrinkle twice as fast.
What on earth are you trying to say?
Whoo!
Let's celebrate!
Hello, Miss Rin.
Your costume is adorable.
Happy birthday.
Thank you, Miss Mai.
Your costume is adorable too.
Just call me Mai.
Then you can just call me Rin too.
Here you are.
Wow! Thank you!
You didn't have to.
It's fine.
It's nothing much, really.
It's a shame that Tan didn't come.
Hmm.
That's true.
I didn't mean anything by that.
I didn't say anything.
I'll go join the rest of the party.
- Okay, please do.
- Have a good one.
Happy birthday, Rarin!
Have a good one.
A merry and happy one!
Wow, that is one gorgeous costume.
Thank you very much, Praew.
Of course!
It's your big day
so I had to go all in.
If Porsche came,
I would have made him dress up
as the Mad Hatter.
Too bad
he wouldn't come.
I tried to make him.
But he said he can't
face you right now.
Anyway,
he got you a present.
Gift!
Thank you.
Here you go.
Okay.
Right.
Hold on! That's not all.
Flowers!
- Uhh...
- This way!
Thank you.
Okay.
Hold on! That's not it.
Music!
Wow.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Please thank Porsche for me too.
I'll put the flowers away.
Please enjoy the party.
I will.
What is this? Why did you do that?
It's not your cue!
It's nothing.
I'll go and enjoy the party now.
I've been looking forward to it!
Hey! Everybody!
You startled me.
You're here for the party, right?
Thank you for dressing up
for the occasion.
Please go outside and enjoy
the food and drinks.
It's on the house.
Oh, it might be a bit tricky for you
in that costume.
I'll take that off for you.
Tan!
Rin!
Can you please come outside?
We're about to bring out the cake.
Hey!
Da!
Why did you tell her that?
It's supposed to be a surprise!
Really!
Bye! I'll see you later!
See you!
I thought you said
you weren't coming?
I went to the house
to drop some stuff off.
I got bored so I came over.
Are you trying to sneak in
a present for Rarin?
Huh? Huh?
I'm not!
Ugh! You reek!
Ugh!
- What's wrong? You're drunk!
- What are you doing here?
Are you here to take me home?
Are you going?
To where?
- If you're not, then I'm going now.
- I'm going! I'm going!
You didn't have to sit there
with that stern face.
You're so hot-tempered.
What's the hold-up? Come on!
Now you're complaining even though
you've been sitting there for ages!
Wait!
Be careful.
There.
Tan,
what you say doesn't align with
how you feel.
You said, "I'm not going."
"I'm not going."
And see?
Just stop it.
You were sneaking in a present
for your crush.
Do you think
you're still at university?
Mai, stop mocking me.
You dressed up so nicely
but you wouldn't go in.
This is unexpected.
I thought you were going to
dress up as a mascot.
It's my business.
Rin was sad
that you didn't go.
Really?
She's sad?
Mai?
Thank you, Da and Jib.
It's okay. No biggie.
You can go home and rest now.
Tomorrow, you can come in late.
Thank you.
We'll get going then.
Okay.
Oh.
Rin, can I borrow an umbrella?
An umbrella?
It's about to rain.
Of course.
Let's go.
Bye.
Where are you?
Is the party over?
I'm at the studio.
Just tidying up.
Oh.
Once you're done, hurry home.
Mmm!
By the way, where are you now?
I'm at home.
Why did you ask?
I was just wondering
about the party.
I met someone who looked familiar.
But they're wearing
a mascot costume.
So I didn't know who they were.
That wasn't me.
Hmm.
I didn't even say anything.
Are you sure that you're at home?
Of course I am.
Do you want me to
send you a selfie telepathically?
Huh.
That's funny. How did you
come up with that?
I'm actually a comedian.
Tan?
What?
What are you doing here?
Rin?
I'm at home.
You're mistaken.
How can you be at home?
You sneaked over here, didn't you?
Don't tell me that
the present inside
isn't from you.
Rin, you're joking, right?
Who's with you now?
You went all out with your costume.
Stop fooling around already.
Rin,
I'm not fooling around.
- Hurry up and call...
- Come on.
Is it because we can hear
each other's voices in the rain?
So you put on a disguise
to prank me?
I know that it's you.
Rin, listen to me.
You're in danger. Do you know that?
Tanthai,
take off the headpiece.
I already know that it is you.
Rin, listen to me carefully.
I did sneak in
to bring you a present.
But I wasn't wearing
a mascot costume or anything.
Rin!
Tan.
Where are you, Rin?
Rin!
Rin! Can you hear...
(What is the voice in the rain?)
Rarin, where are you?
Answer me!
I'm here to help you!
Rin!
Rin,
if you can hear me, please answer.
Where are you?
Rin?
I'm begging you.
Answer me.
Tan!
Rin!
Can you hear me, Rin?
Rin?
It's me.
Don't be afraid.
Where are you?
- Can you tell me?
- Help!
- Help me!
- Help! I'm right here! Help me!
Rin, listen to me.
Don't be afraid.
Just listen to my voice.
Rin,
you don't have to be afraid anymore.
I'm right here.
Tan?
You can hear me now?
Tan!
It's so dark
and cramped in here!
Okay, okay.
Rin.
Now,
I want you to look around slowly.
See if there's anything close by
that can tell you where you are.
You're not hurt, are you?
I'm not.
Thank you.
I'm so relieved.
We're lucky that the sicko didn't
kidnap you and take you somewhere.
They just locked you up
inside the storeroom.
Fortunately,
I recognized that pile of fabric.
So I knew where I was.
And then I remembered
what Da said.
Thank you, Da.
Also, don't forget to tidy up
so the place won't look messy
when the guests arrive.
All done.
I've put everything
in the storeroom.
- I'll see you then.
- See you.
Da?
Jib?
Calm down. It's me.
Rin, how are you feeling?
I have a headache.
Here. Take some medicine.
Take this.
Where is this place?
Don't you remember?
I brought you over to my house.
Rin,
do you know who the culprit is?
Not a clue.
I'm sorry for causing you trouble.
Why are you apologizing?
Actually,
someone sent
a threatening letter to me.
It told me to stop
messing around with you.
I should've warned you earlier.
I underestimated them.
But I'm fine now.
Don't blame yourself.
Anyway,
I'll take better care of myself.
Let's do it this way.
I'm going to file a police report
even though
it wasn't life-threatening.
You shouldn't be alone
in the meantime.
I want you to come and stay here.
Here?
At your place?
Yes.
It's not just me here.
Mai is also here.
Maybe she can
help look after you too.
But the letter said...
I still think that I should
take responsibility.
Besides,
I think the culprit wouldn't dare
to break-in when you're with me.
More importantly,
I can rest assured
knowing that you're close by.
Umm...
Is that your present for me?
Mmm.
- Hold on.
- Hmm?
You shouldn't unwrap it in front
of the person who gave it to you.
Wow!
It's so cute!
But...
why did you...
buy me a no-rain doll?
A no-rain doll?
I thought it was
a rain-summoning doll.
You are
ridiculous.
Mmm.
Strange.
Thank you.
Rin, how are you doing?
I'm better now.
I should go.
Make yourself at home, okay?
Just think of it as your home.
Okay.
(What is the voice in the rain?)
Hello?
Who are you?
Excuse me.
Out of nowhere,
all of my work got plagiarized.
Is this close enough
to the prince you've envisioned?
I've decided
to propose to Rin.